Mention C# 8 static local functions in local-functions.md (#15655)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/local-functions.md

Unlike a method definition, a local function definition cannot include the following elements:

- The member access modifier. Because all local functions are private, including an access modifier, such as the `private` keyword, generates compiler error CS0106, "The modifier 'private' is not valid for this item."

- The [static](../../language-reference/keywords/static.md) keyword. Including the `static` keyword generates compiler error CS0106, "The modifier 'static' is not valid for this item."

  > [!NOTE]

>   > Starting with C# 8.0, `static` local functions are valid. A `static` local function cannot access variables from the containing method or instance fields.

Reviewer: I would reverse this note by removing line 44, and changing the note text as follows:

```suggestion
  > Prior to C# 8.0, local functions cannot include the `static` modifier. Including the `static` keyword generates compiler error CS0106, "The modifier 'static' is not valid for this item."
```

Author: @BillWagner, Because removing line 44 would make the bullet list have only one item. I've made combined this item with the previous sentence.

>   > Starting with C# 8, `static` local functions are valid. A `static` local function wouldn't be able to access variables from parent method or instance fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  > Starting with C# 8.0, `static` local functions are valid. A `static` local function cannot access variables from the containing method or instance fields.
```
